Good morning everybody. I'm just gonna have a little PowerPoint presentation for us, for our kick-off meeting. My name is Rose Lindgren. I I'll be the Project Manager. our agenda today is we are gonna do a little opening. and then I'm gonna talk a little bit about the project,. then we'll move into acquaintance such as getting to know each other a little bit, including a tool training exercise. And then we'll move into the project plan,. do a little discussion. we are creating a new remote control which we have three goals about,. it needs to be original, trendy and user-friendly. so we're gonna divide us up into three compa three parts. First the functional design. which will be first we'll do individual work,. come into a meeting,. the conceptional design, individual work and a meeting,. and then the detailed design, individual work and a meeting. we're gonna do a little tool training,. so we are gonna work with that whiteboard behind you. and then draw your favourite animal
My name is Alima Bucciantini. and I guess I'm the Industrial Designer on this project. I will draw a little turtle for you all.
My name is Iain. and I'm the User Interface Designer for the project.. It's a whale, yes.
Briefly, it's supposed to be a seal.
We're gonna talk about project finances. we'd like to sell it for about twenty five Euro with the profit aim of fifteen million Euro from our sales. and because this is such this is for television it's a we have a market range of Internet, like it's an international market range,. in order to make a profit of this magnitude, we need to be able to produce each one at a maximum of twelve fifty Euro. just to generate a little bit of discussion about the project, I could I'd like to hear about your experiences using ro remote controls,. what would be the best like you what are the features that you really like
I hate when there's like four different buttons and you have to press to actually turn on the TV. 'cause I feel like you end up with multimedia overload.
Especially, like you know if I'm watching TV I have have to have three separate remote controls of in front of me, you know, one for the TV, one for the digital box, one for the video recorder as well.. And also they tend to they tend to be a bit confusing,. they've got too many buttons on them. too too sort of too sort of complicated
And that there's not too many buttons,. they are not too small,
Like are there some remotes that don don't require like batteries
But it's possible we could use like a lithium battery. it seems we have a little bit of a conflict over to combining all the remotes cont together versus having five different remotes.
Doesn't have all the buttons that you need to program the video recorder. but that just has your major buttons for that work for everything, you know volume control, on, off,
So it's like if you're looki if you're trying to get the TV on that's, you know, like the top thing on the remote, I dunno if be vertical or horizontal in terms of how we're gonna make it, but if it's like all the TV stuff was here,. then all the VCR stuff was here,. all the whatever else we have programmed into it it's all just in its separate place and not like all the on buttons together,
And if if you'd save the more complicated functions maybe for separate remotes that you wouldn't need to use every day.
So maybe have like one remote that has the main functions on, off, channel changing, volume, and another rote remote with all the special things.
Are we designing a remote control for a television only. would we even technically be possible to include video recorder functions on it? or should we just stick to just stick to having television television related buttons on it?
I'll look into that.
I guess we have to define what what we're aiming for. If it's just a television then that it's a bit simpler,. If you have older people or people like me that aren't very co-ordinated hand-eye, it's really quite important that you are not pressing a small like teeny mobiles phone size buttons, if we can help it.
Now our next meeting starts in thirty minutes. the industrial design, Alima will be doing the working design. the User Interface Designer, that's for. Technical functions, I guess like keeping in mind the buttons thing, the size of the buttons. user requirements, so you'll be hearing about different trends, about different things that people need,. And you will get specific instructions sent by your personal coach.
What we're gonna be discussing at the next meeting?
I haven't gotten an agenda yet,. I'll put that together. I'm sure as we'll each get our own instruction. I'll type up mi minutes. and probably email those out to all of you. just including all the things that we talked about..
Can you e-mail your slides as well?
Yes, I yes, I think I can. I'll just attach it to an email. Just make sure you keep checking the company web site and the emails.